README.md, before:

# ImageBinner

workflow addon for DeepSTORM2D </br>
bin random patches of movies & localization lists </br>
evaluate found localizations of prediction vs ground truth 

## To install the package run:
```
conda create --name ImageBinner
conda activate ImageBinner
cd path_to_file
conda install pip
pip install ImageBinner-XXXXX-py3-none-any.whl
pip install jupyter_contrib_nbextensions
jupyter contrib nbextension install
jupyter notebook 
```

## Literature
E. Nehme, L. E. Weiss, T. Michaeli, Y. Shechtman, Deep-STORM: super-resolution single-molecule microscopy by deep
learning, Optica, 2018, 5, 458-464, DOI: 10.1364/OPTICA.5.000458

L. Chamier, R. F. Laine, J. Jukkala, C. Spahn, D. Krentzel, E. Nehme, M. Lerche, S. Herández-Pérez, P. K. Mattila,
E. Karinou, S. Holden, A. C. Solak, A. Krull, T.-O. Buchholz, M. L. Jones, L. Royer, C. Leterrier, Y. Shechtman, F. Jug,
M. Heilemann, G. Jacquemet, R. Henriques, Democratising deep learning for microscopy with ZeroCostDL4Mic,
Nature Communications, 2021, 12:2276, DOI: 10.1038/s41467-021-22518-0


## Web
For more information visit:  </br>
http://share.smb.uni-frankfurt.de  </br>
https://github.com/JohannaRahm

Commit message:

Add test dataset. Update readme, manual, and version number.

README.md, after:

# ImageBinner

workflow addon for DeepSTORM2D </br>
bin random patches of movies & localization lists </br>
evaluate found localizations of prediction vs ground truth 

## To install the package run:
```
conda create --name ImageBinner
conda activate ImageBinner
cd path_to_file
conda install pip
pip install jupyterlab
pip install ImageBinner-XXXXX-py3-none-any.whl
pip install jupyter_contrib_nbextensions
jupyter notebook 
```
Give the analysis a try with the test files in the dataset folder, including a DNA-PAINT movie and corresponding localization file (converted to DeepSTORM format).

## Literature
E. Nehme, L. E. Weiss, T. Michaeli, Y. Shechtman, Deep-STORM: super-resolution single-molecule microscopy by deep
learning, Optica, 2018, 5, 458-464, DOI: 10.1364/OPTICA.5.000458

L. Chamier, R. F. Laine, J. Jukkala, C. Spahn, D. Krentzel, E. Nehme, M. Lerche, S. Herández-Pérez, P. K. Mattila,
E. Karinou, S. Holden, A. C. Solak, A. Krull, T.-O. Buchholz, M. L. Jones, L. Royer, C. Leterrier, Y. Shechtman, F. Jug,
M. Heilemann, G. Jacquemet, R. Henriques, Democratising deep learning for microscopy with ZeroCostDL4Mic,
Nature Communications, 2021, 12:2276, DOI: 10.1038/s41467-021-22518-0


## Web
For more information visit:  </br>
http://share.smb.uni-frankfurt.de  </br>
